Smaller transit agencies are stuck with a stack of tools that don't talk to each other.
Census data lives in one place, your routes in another.
Title VI compliance gets cobbled together every year from scratch.
GTFS·X consolidates this into one browser-based tool.
You can analyze operating costs for your system or by route,
or analyze stop spacing and identify closely spaced stops that are reducing vehicle operating speeds,
and even identify candidate stops to optimize your route.
You can quantify your system coverage.
How many people does your system serve, and what are their demographics?
And Title VI analysis is now as easy as a click of a button.
To plan your service, demand dots show where there may be unmet demand for service.
Creating new routes is quick and easy.
You draw your route, and then add stops.
You can use the timetable panel to automatically estimate vehicle run times between stops.
Then use this to build a complete trip table based on your headways.
With your trip table built, you can analyze service costs,
or even estimate the demographics of the riders it covers.
The tool also supports scenario analysis to compare alternatives side by side.
Choose your route alternatives to define a scenario,
then switch between scenarios using the scenario dropdown.
You can compare your scenarios and pick the one that wins on cost,
or perhaps pick the one that wins on equity.
Book a demo today to see how GTFS·X can simplify your planning and feed management.